docs: update twitter auth guide with references to new elevated access policies (#10849)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/auth-twitter.mdx

## Access your Twitter Developer account

> - Before proceeding further make sure your twitter account has [elevated access](https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/petition/essential/basic-info)
> - Go to [developer.twitter.com](https://developer.twitter.com).
> - Click on `Sign in` at the top right to log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign in to your [Twitter developer account](https://developer.twitter.com). Note that your account must have [elevated access](https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/petition/essential/basic-info) to use Twitter as an OAuth provider.
```
